

Network Working Group                                          J. Postel
Request for Comments: 774                                            ISI
                                                            October 1980
Obsoletes: RFCs 766
Obsoletes: IENs, 118




                       Internet Protocol Handbook
                           Table of Contents




The internet family of protocols is replacing the old ARPANET protocols.
To this end an Internet Protocol Handbook will be prepared by the
Network Information Center.  This Handbook is tentatively planned to be
available at the end of 1980.  This Internet Protocol Handbook will
closely parallel the old ARPANET Protocol Handbook, and will primarily
be a collection of existing RFCs and IENs.

Attached is the current draft table of contents for the Internet
Protocol Handbook.  Any suggestions for additions should be sent to Jon
Postel (Postel@ISIF).

RFCs and IENs are public access document files and may be copied from
the Network Information Center online Library at SRI-KL via FTP using
the FTP user name ANONYMOUS and password GUEST.  The IENs have pathnames
of the form "<NETINFO>IEN-nnn.TXT", and the RFCs have pathnames of the
form "<NETINFO>RFCnnn.TXT", where "nnn" is replaced by the document
number.  [Note the inconsistency: IENs have a hyphen in the pathname,
RFCs don't.]





















Postel                                                          [Page 1]


                                                                 RFC 774
Internet Protocol Handbook



                           Table of Contents



Overview

   The Catenet Model for Internetworking                  IEN-48        

Gateway Level

   Internet Protocol                                      IEN-128 RFC760

   Gateway Routing: An Implementation Specification       IEN-30        

   How to Build a Gateway                                 IEN-109       

   Gateway Monitoring Protocol                            IEN-131       

   CMCC Performance Measurement Message Formats           IEN-157       

Host Level

   User Datagram Protocol                                         RFC768

   Transmission Control Protocol                          IEN-129 RFC761

   Multiplexing Protocol                                  IEN-90        

Application Level

   Time Server Protocol                                   IEN-142       

   Name Server Protocol                                   IEN-116       

   Trivial File Transfer Protocol                         IEN-133       

   Telnet Protocol                                        IEN-148 RFC764

   File Transfer Protocol                                 IEN-149 RFC765

   Mail Transfer Protocol                                         RFC772

   Internet Message Protocol                              IEN-113 RFC759







Postel                                                          [Page 2]


                                                                 RFC 774
Internet Protocol Handbook



Appendices

   Assigned Numbers                                               RFC770

   Address Mappings                                       IEN-115       

   Document File Format Standards                                 RFC678

   Mail Header Format Standards                                   RFC733








































Postel                                                          [Page 3]


